Welcome back.
Let's continue building our awesome tool we have our pond API check that only converts our password
to SHA 1 but we need to send this to the API.
The password API.
So what can we do here.
The first thing we want to do is remember we only need the first five characters of our password or
the hashed password so we can do something fun here we can say first five characters and also have what
we call the tail.
So we're going to store the first five characters in the first variable and in the second variable we're
going to store the remaining because we're going to need both of these later on.
So in here we can just use the nifty little thing that well Python allows us which is this nice little
syntax to just grab the start up to the fifth character and then for the second part the remaining characters.
So starting from the fifth index all the way till the end.
Nice and easy.
And this is something that we've learned about before.
So now we have the first five characters and the tail and here we can now add this to our request API
data so I can now call my request API data and in here give it.
Well the first five characters and let's just draw the response in here.
Now let's see what type of response we get.
So I'm actually going to return response here and just so we make sure that we're doing everything right.
Let's print out the first five characters and the tail as well to make sure that everything is working.
If I run this
right it looks like I'm getting the first five characters.
There's a space here and then the remaining and we don't get to any error.
It looks like the response is working.
So let's also print the response
and make sure that that is working as well.
Looks like we get a response of two hundred but we're still not sure exactly what type of data we receive.
What can we do here.
Well I want to learn more about this data that we return.
So let's create a another function here and for now we'll just call it read response and we'll going
to just give it the response that we get.
And in here let's just try to read this response.
We can actually do print response dot text here because it's an API response so ideally we can just
read the text.
Let's see if that does anything.
So this return response we'll just have read response like so if I run this Hey look at that.
This is our response as you can see it's a ton of hashed passwords.
There's a lot of them it looks like a couple of hundred.
So this is what we get from our response by using response not text.
We get all the hashes that match the beginning of our hashed password.
Very cool what we can actually do you see over here how we get 24 3 1 and so on.
This shows you actually how many times these passwords have been hacked.
That's pretty cool.
So ideally we're able to grab the count see if any of it matches with our tail because now we can just
check the tail and also print out the count so instead of having a read response function let's have
a get password leaks count function that sees the hashes or the response and the actual hash to check
which is our own password hash that we need to check against.
So we're going to check this hash to check and loop through all the hashes
so we can do something again nifty with Python here.
We can say hashes equals and we can use a temple here and we can actually do a temple comprehension
which we've seen before I can say line dot split so we're going to split everything in the line which
is by these Collins over here that you can see.
So that's the tail of the hash and the number of times it's been hacked.
So we're going to split it by the call in and then we're going to loop and say for line.
So that's where the line comes from.
For line in hashes dot text.
Now if I leave it like this this actually won't work and I'll show you why in a second actually let's
just do that now.
So let's see what print hashes will give us instead of read response.
We'll run this one now.
So get password leaks count.
And if I run let's clear this
I get an error.
Well I get an error because we have to add the hash to check as well.
So what should the hash the check be.
Well it's the tail right the tail of our actual password.
So I'm going to add the tale to the second parameter save and run again.
All right.
I get a response two hundred and I get a generator object.
This generator object.
We can actually loop through.
Right.
So let's see what happens if I do for.
Remember we have the hash and the.
So let's do hash H for hash and count in hashes because remember we've converted to a temple that has
the hash and then the count because we're splitting.
Remember so if we do this let's just print H and count if I run this
home I get an error value error not enough values to unpack expected to got one.
Why is that.
Let's just print H and see what happens and remove count for now let's clear this and run this again.
Hmm.
It looks like we didn't split properly.
Every item is its own list
so we actually have to use something called split lines here on our string.
And as you can see it returns a list of the lines in the string and it breaks at the line boundaries.
So when we actually do a for loop over the hash text if we scroll up we'll see if we can see it.
No it's not there anymore.
But if we scroll up we just got a massive list of text ideally on each line.
We split this so that this line is well instead of each individual element the actual hash and count.
So we just need to do dot split lines like this I save this and run.
Once again that's a lot better.
So now we have what we want we can once again go back to what we had before which is count and if we
print H and count let's save run this again and that's a lot better.
We have each item separated.
Let's take a break and continue this in the next video.